Proposal 1
That uses governemnt API to oull crime statistics, which will be used as supplementary data for housing market prices.

1. Pull information of an area, regsarding the crime statistics. 
2. Algorithm will give a rating, along with most likely crime rate.
3. will also pull housing market prices via zillow api


Broad over view of how it will achieve the requirements

1. Webpage -> main page welcoming user, Will have a login and other user features
2. Algorithm used will generate a risk factor, additionally an algorithm that generates a predicted loss of value based of crime. IE, theft, burglary, hit and run, etc
3. user log in information will be stored with SQL server, of course
4. name: Dream Real Estate Solutions

Proposal 2
Accesses fitbit API to track user physical statistics as a tool of guidance for improving resting heart rate, physical endurance, and strength. Of course, let user know that they should talk to their doctor before following tips,
additionally, that we are not responsible for thier injuries, blah, blah

1. algorithm will use user request, and statistics to generate a fitness guidance routine, which would be appropriate for the user. 
2. can show user progress, in terms of performance and body composition. 
3. can possibly have some nutriotion recommendations based on what the user is trying to achieve
4. I will emphasize that this is primarily a TRAINING app, not a fitness app. When you train its because you want to improve youself, not to look good. 


Broad over view of how it will achieve the requirements


1. Webpage -> main page welcoming user, Will have a login and other user features
2. Algorithm will generate a training regime for the user, based on user statistics and input
3. user log in info, and statistics, stored in SQL server
4. name: Peak Training 

Proposal 3
boardgame website that allows you to play against AI, using machine learning to improve based of players. Addiitonally, it can have a starting algorithm it uses to mkae moves.

1. pulls information from an open source AI API
2. algorithm dictates AI moves, additional AI may be used to predict a user skill rating
3. user log in informaton stored witj sql server, along with match histories and potentially skill (so long as pvp option is within scope)

broad overview

1. webpage -> welcomes user, lets user login and chose a game
2. algorithm feeds AI's initial difficulty, and if within scope, provides a mmr ranking when active in pvp
3. user log in info, and statistics, stored in SQL server
4. name: L.O.B (Leaugue of Boardgames)